docs(*) fix versions in links TD-12 (#1130)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/enterprise/0.31-x/edition-versioning.md

- **Z** is incremented against previously released versions of Kong Enterprise Edition when a critical fix must be implemented against an old release.

> The nature of this versioning scheme is such that the scope of semantic weight of changes in each release of Kong Enterprise Edition **cannot be interpreted solely through the change in version number**. Because of this, we strongly encourage Enterprise Edition users to consult the [Kong Enterprise Changelog](/enterprise/changelog) and [Upgrading Kong Enterprise](https://support.konghq.com/hc/en-us/articles/115009693288-Upgrading-Kong) before upgrading.

Reviewer: Do you need to be logged in to SFDC see the "Upgrading" content?

Author: Good question. Asked CS; will create a separate ticket if there's no word by EoD.

Author: The material is covered in migration guides for later versions. For these two, we'll use the 0.32-x guide: https://docs.konghq.com/enterprise/0.32-x/upgrades-migrations/.

```suggestion
The nature of this versioning scheme is such that the scope of semantic weight of changes in each release of Kong Enterprise Edition **cannot be interpreted solely through the change in version number**. Because of this, we strongly encourage Enterprise Edition users to consult the [Kong Enterprise Changelog](/enterprise/changelog) and [Upgrading Kong Enterprise](/enterprise/0.32-x/upgrades-migrations/) before upgrading.
```
